README.md, before:

## Car Genie
Our system will be used for a car dealership to be able to schedule appointments with customers, allow employees help customers find their dream cars by looking up through our datasets and finding the safest and desired features they want in a car, and lastly be able to buy such vehicles.

Video https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f3d0810-3827-4492-80bb-d521b142306f

ER Diagram HTML[GitHub] (https://github.com/ArjunBhatia0406/cs3620-final-project/blob/main/docs/CarGenieERDiagram.drawio.html)

ER Diagram PNG [GitHub] (https://github.com/ArjunBhatia0406/cs3620-final-project/blob/main/docs/CarGenieERDiagram.png)


## Install for Calendar Component

```bash
npm install @mui/x-date-pickers dayjs

npm install @emotion/react @emotion/styled
```

## Install for Icons

```bash
npm install @heroicons/react
```


## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

Commit message:

Update README with project details and instructions
Added sections for interactions, demo video, ER diagram, project datasets, and installation instructions.

README.md, after:

## Car Genie
Our system will be used for a car dealership to be able to schedule appointments with customers, allow employees help customers find their dream cars by looking up through our datasets and finding the safest and desired features they want in a car, and lastly be able to buy such vehicles.

## Interactions
1. Schedule vehical service appointments
2. Find/Research a car for you
3. Buy a car

## Demo Video and ER Diagram
Video https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f3d0810-3827-4492-80bb-d521b142306f

ER Diagram HTML[GitHub] (https://github.com/ArjunBhatia0406/cs3620-final-project/blob/main/docs/CarGenieERDiagram.drawio.html)

ER Diagram PNG [GitHub] (https://github.com/ArjunBhatia0406/cs3620-final-project/blob/main/docs/CarGenieERDiagram.png) (RECOMMENDED)

## Project Datasets
1. https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/ayeshasiddiqa123/cars-pre 	
2. https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/tawfikelmetwally/automobile-dataset
3. https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/new-car-assessment-program-ncap-5-star-safety-ratings-new-car-assessment-program-ncap-5-st-bd2a7 

(First data set is used for pricing, the second one is used for features and helping find a customers perfect car, and the third is determining a cars safeness)

## Install Project Components (NEEDED TO RUN PROJECT)
## Calendar Component

```bash
npm install @mui/x-date-pickers dayjs

npm install @emotion/react @emotion/styled
```

## Install for Icons

```bash
npm install @heroicons/react
```


## Getting Started

This is a next.js project to run this you will need to install next.js

Once installed run:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.
